Release 11.2.0 (#519)
primer/octicons: docs/content/packages/javascript.mdx

// <svg version="1.1" width="12" height="16" viewBox="0 0 12 16" class="octicon octicon-x" aria-hidden="true"><path d="M7.48 8l3.75 3.75-1.48 1.48L6 9.48l-3.75 3.75-1.48-1.48L4.52 8 .77 4.25l1.48-1.48L6 6.52l3.75-3.75 1.48 1.48z"/></svg>
```

> The `.toSVG()` method accepts an optional `options` object. This is used to add CSS classnames, acessibility options, and sizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.toSVG()` method accepts an optional `options` object. This is used to add CSS class names, accessibility options, and sizes.
```
